you could be in a dollar store a
pharmacy or maybe you just wandered a
little too far from the vegetable aisle
and someone's going to be trying to sell
you an RGB keyboard or a gaming headset
and it turns out that even hardware
stores these days have a pretty decent
selection once you sift through all the
cordless drills and lumber so if you're
a father whose family was brainwashed by
big power tool into believing you wanted
one of these for your last
birthday you might have some unused
store credit to spend on a different
kind of Hardware which raises the
question what can you get from the local
home desperate or its online counterpart
to trick out your gaming setup a lot it
turns out if you're inventive inventive
like this totally original segue to our
sponsor Ridge they've recently launched
some out of this world NASA branded
wallets and key cases one of the designs
even glows in the dark can you do that
check them out using the link in the
description the most obvious PC related
items that you might expect to find are
going to be desks and chairs and you
won't be disappointed that is unless you
look a little closer they sell many
different combos for one convenient
price like this uh 48 in Black computer
desk and black plus pink massage
recliner chair but well there's no
charitable way to put this I'm afraid so
yeah these combos from costway are
seemingly all rebrands of Alibaba
specials with gimmicks like head headr
speakers and led piping
accents let's take a look at it oh wow I
mean that's kind of cool but the fact
that they edited out the brand name on
the website is kind of telling um oh I
was going to say it looks rather okay
although it's a bit on kind of the
smaller side compared to what you might
think from the pictures but then I
touched it it's not really an add aesque
style chair you can't even shove it
around but o
oh it's
powered all right what are we looking at
here oh my God it vibrates I can't
really tell what the plus minus buttons
are supposed to be doing or the up Arrow
it just
stopped oh it's different kinds of
pulses so yeah the massage feature is
kind of great as a marketing gimmick but
the massage aers or I mean vibrators
realistically are only in the lumbar
pillow here which conveniently is
impossible to reposition or remove so in
summary if you're in the market for a
massage chair that includes back pain as
a
feature gyx has got you covered the
really bizarre part though is even if
the manufacturer doesn't know Home Depot
should know that this isn't a desk chair
it uh it gets worse as it says on the
script here
don't let the faux carbon fiber fool you
here folks oh
no this desk makes the chair looks
strong and competent by comparison oh
wow okay the cup holder and oh headphone
Mount kind of nice touches but other
than that my friends oh
wow we're looking at a pile of hollow
metal and MDF that is held together with
nothing more than poorly threaded hex
screws and hope and once again there's
more wrong with it than just the build
quality like look at the depth of this
monitor shelf how am I supposed to put
any Modern Display on this thing do do
you want to know what we paid for it oh
God I guess the desk and the chair are
currently
$320 that is far more than I would pay
for those and we had to pay somebody to
drive down to the United States to grab
it and bring it back up and we had to
pay for gas to match the look we've gone
with the Apex Pro skeleton carbon fiber
case from alpha cool
that feels really bad or rather the case
itself feels great it's carbon fiber and
machined aluminum but after Alpha cool
generously provided it for the video it
feels insulting to them to pair it with
this awful desk the last major issue is
that the desk and the chair are at two
completely different heights so you'll
either need to lift your chair which I
remind you came with the desk up to
match the height or you'll have to lower
your desk somehow maybe with a hacksaw
from the Home Depot or or what about
this Nifty after market keyboard tray
due to the Cross brace that supports the
top of the desk which I was kind of
surprised to see we had to use some
scrap pieces of wood to mount it but
with this attached and this led desk mat
to hide the spot where uh we
accidentally drilled a little bit too
far into the MDF we can now use our
keyboard at a much more reasonable
height oh I mean adjustable
height oh what keyboard you ask
originally we tried to get our hands on
one of the mechanical keyboards that's
listed on the Home Depot website but
they didn't seem to have any in stock
when we went to make the purchase so
instead oh thank you we got this iive
3in one pack with a keyboard mouse and
headset you like 3D games well how do
you like 6D games before we power
everything up I assume this power strip
came from the Home Depot yes it's even
their commercial electric brand this is
one of the things I actually would trust
from what we purchased I assume we chose
this particular one for its RGB effect
oh there it is okay I mean yeah sure
that's kind of
cool it's got the little Keyhole
mounting thing so it'll be compatible
with our cable management from LTT
store.com so yeah you just unscrew it
and then you've got this weird flared
thing at the top here so you stick that
into the keyhole slide it in and then
you just
twist and that's it once I'm in this set
man my back hurts yep like already yep
I'm I'm shocked like I have spent
extended periods of time sitting on a
wooden box or on a bucket for
shoots and I don't think I've
experienced this kind of like sharp back
pain who knows though maybe the quality
of these peripherals will make up for it
oh wow this mouse is
terrible I don't even have to whip it
that hard to completely lose tracking oh
my God I suck I can't hit anything you
guys have seen me play FPS before I'm
not this bad I swear it to you probably
the most interesting thing about the
peripherals is none of what I've talked
about so far but rather when we look at
them in USB device treeviewer we can see
that and this was for the keyboard right
yes it was made at least in part by woi
semico a brand that appears to be a
subsidiary of CR micro a company that is
primarily owned by the government of
China I guess CCP officials really like
drum and bass or at least half of it I
don't know about drum they've got a lot
of bass to their social credit they are
pretty comfortable for a pair of really
really cheap headphones we did buy
another pair of headphones that just
were the worst feeling so we went with
these but actually you want to try those
second that second pair of headphones
sure don't have to talk about it at all
past the feeling of it but oh they're on
ears whoa
oh saved it the good news is even if we
had broken this monitor we had the
solution ready to go cuz frankly the
ergonomics were not great the way it was
that's why we picked up this PR mounts
monitor arm wow I just about hit myself
in the face with it because I was
expecting it to be a lot heavier to its
credit it's pretty easy to set up and
has reasonable cable routing built into
it and supports monitors up to 32 in and
17 lb which should be perfect for this
27in Sansui monitor it's only 1080p
which is not great considering the price
but it has a 100 HZ refresh rate which
also isn't great considering the price
Tanner what is the price uh we paid 230
for it but if we had have bought it on
Amazon it would have been uh
100 cool also I couldn't help noticing
that there's a bit of Leverage on that
yeah I'm afraid to let go uh this
actually might be a good time to
introduce the speakers because the
speakers have a nice little feature
where they will help keep this up are
they a counterweight not so much a
counterweight as it is a loadbearing
cardboard box if we can just
there it doesn't quite fit uh I need
shims should be able to just fit in
there okay am I the only one confused by
this first things first the volume
control is on the subwoofer which is not
normal and then second of all these
speakers fire backwards that is correct
yes no that's not correct uh but the
rgb's on the front
[Music]
the only difference that I can detect
from turning the bass knob all the way
left and all the way right is that this
box vibrates more or less this is as
loud as they get I have it maxed both on
the speakers and in Windows it sounds so
much better over here than it does over
there it almost gives it a sense of like
spatial though no I mean there's no
accuracy to it obviously but it know
kind of sounds like it's all around you
cuz that's where it is instead of
pointing at you so this monitor claims
72% coverage of the ntsc color gamut
that checks out I don't remember the
last time I saw a modern monitor that
was this unsaturated especially an IPS
panel and 100 HZ is definitely better
than 60 HZ at a low enough price I could
see this monitor being a pretty okay
choice at
$220 it's horrible able the mouse is
bothering me a little less oh if that's
bothering you you should try out
this oh the goal mut tree wearable
pointing device Mouse okay hold on a
second what Hope Depot carries this
after pairing to the gold Moon Mouse yam
I am treated to this little what are
these called again infrared trackers or
something like that I I forget how these
work I've always referred to them just
as as BlackBerry trackpads I mean you
know what that's fair yeah you got a
little little trackpad thing here and
then you got some buttons I guess for
like web browsing web browsing or just
general Mouse features I mean you've got
right click middle click scroll up
scroll down yeah this is pretty usable
can I game with it though oh yeah yeah
yeah here we go let's go eat
it for all its imperfections uh we did
have some difficulty pairing it to a new
device when it was in range of the old
one it would just automatically connect
every time with no obvious way to repair
it to something new this is not nearly
as crud as pretty much everything else
that we've touched today I would say
this is pretty usable if you had a
situation that merited it this is not
one of them you know it's a funny thing
how each individual piece of this is
functionally manufactured garbage and
yet when you put the whole thing
together you almost end up with a hole
that's greater than the sum of its parts
it's kind of like a jury rigged scorpion
chair maybe we should do a repeat of
that experiment where we have someone
use it for a month odds are they need a
better webcam and oh yeah he's way ahead
of me and
a wow Monster Cable still exists 4K
60fps for gaming streaming vlogging and
social media this packaging is writing
some checks that uh I sincerely that
this webcam is going to be able to cash
you know when your brand was already
built on builing people out of way more
money than your product's worth it's
kind of impressive when you can take it
to another level like this how is this
managing to be out of focus right now
and it's about to get better because I
have the Audio Technica atg M1
USB sure it's not the best mic that you
can get and not even the best mic that
you can get for $50 but I expect it to
be a lot better than any of the other
mics connected to this system Tanner
would you mind let's get
our game on Gamers oh that is
permanently
destroyed huh well I take back
everything nice I ever said about the
mounted there's no obvious other place
to grab on to to adjust it like I'm
pretty sure you're supposed to grab this
dialog
subtract at sub
narrator window heading level sketch I
don't think the computer likes when you
do
that so this is MDF and these are just
little posts that are embedded in it and
it ripped apart I was going to try to
game on this some more but I think I'm
done other than telling you about our
sponsor Squarespace you know back in the
olden days people had to talk to each
other to distribute information or so I
hear now you can just have a website
with Squarespace you can get your own
site up and running in no time thanks to
their intuitive userfriendly interface
and you don't need to be a graphic
designer to get started their fluid
engine site Builder has tons of
pre-crafted templates and uses drag and
drop elements meaning no coding is
required their asset Library will help
you manage all your files from one
Central Hub and then across the whole
Squarespace platform and with Advanced
analytic insights you can see what's
working well and What needs a little bit
of touching up but if you still need
more help Squarespace support team and
online guides and resources are there to
lend a hand so spin up your own website
today by by going to squarespace.com
LTT and get 10% off today I can't
believe that just ripped off yeah I feel
ripped off if you guys enjoyed this
video but wouldn't mind seeing something
a bit more quality why don't you check
out the cutest PC setup it was so cute